DEFINITIONS
 Agreement, Contract
◦ This document.
 Software, Product
◦ The software titled SynthScape.
 Official Website, “the website”
◦ The website located at “https://sites.google.com/view/synthscape/terms-of-service”
 Service Provider, “We”
◦ Synapse Softworks LLC, the developers of SynthScape.
 License, Whitelist
◦ An authorization issued by the Service Provider that allows the user to use the software.
 Staff, Personnel
◦ Individuals entrusted with the responsibility to enforce the Agreement, and/or are under the
employ of Synapse Softworks LLC.
 Access fee
◦ The amount of money paid by the client to access the software.
 Community Terms
◦ The collection of rules, guidelines and regulations concerning our partnered communities,
such as the “Discord” server.
 Blacklist
◦ The revocation of a license. A partial blacklist only revokes a user’s license, allowing him
to pay the access fee again and regain access to the software. A complete blacklist
permanently bars the user from interacting with the software regardless of their payment of
any access fee(s).

I. LICENSING
(1) The client's acquisition and utilization of the Software shall serve as conclusive evidence of
their agreement to the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement. To continue using, or
start using, the Software, the client agrees to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.
(2) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE GOVERNED BY THE THENCURRENT AGREEMENT. We may modify the Agreement, and such changes will be
effective thirty (30) days following either notification to you or our posting of the changes on
the official website. Your continued access or use of the software after we post changes to the
agreement will be deemed acceptance of the Agreement as modified. We encourage you to
regularly review the Agreement to ensure you become aware of any changes from time to time.
(3) The client represents and warrants that they have attained the age of majority in their
jurisdiction, are at least eighteen (18) years of age, and have the legal capacity to enter into a
binding agreement, in order to purchase the software and pay the access fees. The client agrees
to use the software in a responsible and appropriate manner, as any misuse of the software may
result in unintended consequences.
(1) The client consents to use the software in accordance with U.S. laws, to the maximum
extent permissible under applicable law, if they reside outside of the United States
(including its territories and possessions).
(2) By using the software, the client represents and warrants that (i) he is not located in a
country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo (e.g., Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North
Korea or Syria); and (ii) your access and use of software will comply with the United
States export control and economic sanctions requirements.
(4) The client shall be subject to two separate licensing options: the Permanent License option and
the Subscription License option. The Permanent License option grants the client perpetual and
unrestricted access to the Software, whereas the Subscription License option grants the client a
limited and time-bound access to the Software.
(5) The determination of whether the client is subject to the Permanent License option or the
Subscription License option shall be at the sole discretion of Synth Softworks LLC. Synth
Softworks LLC reserves the right to modify the client's licensing option, without prior notice,
and for any reason deemed necessary by Synth Softworks LLC.
(6) In the event that the client is subject to the Permanent License option, no additional fees shall be
owed by the client to Synth Softworks LLC for the use of the Software until he becomes
subject to the Subscription License option.
(7) In the event that the client is subject to the Subscription License option, a recurring fee shall be
incurred for the use of the Software, the amount of which shall be set by Synth Softworks
LLC. The client may be offered the opportunity to modify the payment schedule related to the
fee, however, such modifications shall be subject to the sole discretion of Synth Softworks
LLC, which reserves the right to alter, modify, or terminate the payment schedule at any time,
for any reason deemed necessary.
(8) When subject to the Subscription License option, the client may elect to participate in the
automatic payment program. By doing so, the client agrees to be held liable for all recurring
charges until the client terminates the subscription or the client's licensing is converted to the
Permanent License option.
(9) The client agrees that the initial period for which payment is made shall serve as the
establishment of a recurring payment cycle in the event that the client is subject to the
Subscription License option. For example, if the client pays for a 90-day licensing period, this
shall initiate a recurring payment cycle in which Synth Softworks LLC shall automatically
process the client's usage fee on a 90-day interval.
(10) The client may choose to temporarily suspend the recurring payment cycle through the
utilization of a freeze option offered by Synth Softworks LLC or its partners. The client
acknowledges that access to the Software shall be disabled during the period of suspension, and
may only be re-enabled upon the client's decision to restart the payment cycle. The client
further acknowledges that the freeze and restart options may be subject to a cooling-off period
established by Synth Softworks LLC or its partners, during which the client's ability to freeze
and/or restart the payment cycle may be restricted.
(11) The client acknowledges that utilization of cryptocurrency as a means of payment for
subscription access fees precludes the establishment of a recurring payment cycle.
(12) The client acknowledges that all access fees shall be considered as irrevocably paid, unless
Synth Softworks LLC, its personnel and/or its partners, at their sole discretion, determine
that a refund is appropriate due to exceptional circumstances. The terms of this contract shall
not infringe upon any refund or exchange rights granted to you under applicable local laws.
(13) The client agrees to abide by any and all directives and instructions issued by personnel of
Synth Softworks LLC in the course of an investigation conducted by Synth Softworks
LLC. The client's non-compliance with such directives or instructions may result in the
suspension or termination of the client's access to the Software.
(14) Any breach of the provisions contained within this contract may result in the client being
blacklisted, unless the staff, in their sole discretion, determine that extenuating circumstances
warrant leniency.
(15) The staff reserve the right to blacklist any client at any time, without prior notice or warning,
provided that such action is justified by a breach of the Terms of Service or any other provision
contained within this contract. While staff shall make reasonable efforts to provide justification
for any blacklisting decision, such justification shall not be deemed an obligation or
requirement for the exercise of their rights under this contract.
(16) The client may choose to remit another access fee following the imposition of a partial blacklist
in order to regain access to the Software. In such circumstances, the client acknowledges the
Synth Softworks LLC staff shall enforce a strict policy against any subsequent offenses and
reserve the right to reinstate a blacklist against the client at their discretion.
(17) The license granted to the client for the use of the Software shall be for the client's exclusive
use and shall not be assigned, loaned to, or shared with any third party without the express
written consent of Synth Softworks LLC.
(18) The client agrees not to commercially exploit the account registered for use with the Software
through resale or other means except with the express written consent of Synapse Softworks
LLC.
(19) The client acknowledges that Synapse Softworks LLC reserves the right to unilaterally suspend
the client's license and/or recurring payment cycle, without prior notice and without entitlement
to a refund.
(20) The client acknowledges that the Subscription License option is only available in version 3.0
and subsequent versions of the Software and that access to the Permanent License option may
not be guaranteed for such versions. The client understands that the Subscription License option
may be the only available licensing option while utilizing version 3 or higher of the Software.
(21) The client acknowledges and agrees that Synapse Softworks LLC may alter the structure of
licensing options at any time, for any reason, even if the client is currently subject to such
options. If the client is dissatisfied with any changes, they may choose to discontinue their use
of the Software. The client further waives any and all rights to contest or dispute Synapse
Softworks LLC's decision to modify existing licensing models.
(22) The client shall be obligated to furnish Synapse Softworks LLC or its partners with updated
payment information, such as a valid debit card, credit card, or banking information, in the
event that the client's current payment method expires or becomes invalid, prior to the end of
the client's payment cycle.
(23) The client may be eligible to receive preferential access fees, credits, or discounts from Synapse
Softworks LLC in the event that they obtained the Software prior to the release of version 3.0
of the Software. The client agrees not to commercially exploit these benefits by reselling or
otherwise providing access to any third party. Access to these benefits is contingent and subject
to change or revocation at any time by Synapse Softworks LLC.
(24) The client acknowledges that any representations, advertisements, or promises made by
Synth Softworks LLC regarding "lifetime" licensing shall not be construed as and have never
constituted a guarantee of perpetual access to the Software. The client understands that the term
"lifetime" as used in such publications only referred to Synapse Softworks LLC's commitment
to maintain the Software for as long as economically and physically feasible, and did not in any
way guarantee permanent access. The client hereby waives any and all claims or rights it may
have believed to possess based on any such representations, advertisements, or promises made
by Synth Softworks LLC.
(25) The client acknowledges and consents to Synth Softworks LLC adjusting the access fee as
deemed necessary for the maintenance and/or viability of the Software. The client further
agrees that Synth Softworks LLC is not required to provide any explanation or justification
for such adjustments, except as may be mandated by law. The client hereby waives any and all
rights to demand such explanation or justification.
(26) The client acknowledges that the Software may experience periodic interruptions due to factors
beyond the control of Synapse Softworks LLC. During such downtime, the client remains
bound by their financial obligations to Synth Softworks LLC, including adherence to the
payment cycle. The client hereby waives any rights to a refund or other compensation for such
interruptions.
(27) The client acknowledges and consents to Synth Softworks LLC's right to access any
information provided by the client as needed to conduct investigations. The client further
acknowledges and agrees that such access shall be performed in compliance with all relevant
laws and regulations, and that Synth Softworks LLC shall preserve the confidentiality of any
personal information accessed in accordance with its privacy policy.

II. CONTEXT
(1) The provisions of this section and all previous sections that are intended to survive the
termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect,
notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason. These
provisions shall continue to bind the client and Synth Softworks LLC, and to govern their
respective rights and obligations, even after the termination or cancellation of this Agreement.
(2) To the extent permitted by applicable law, Synth Softworks LLC may assign, subcontract, or
sublicense its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time
without notice to the client. The client shall not have any right to object to any such assignment,
subcontracting, or sublicensing, and shall remain bound by the terms of this Agreement in
relation to any such third parties. This provision shall survive the termination or cancellation of
this Agreement.
(3) The client shall not assign this Agreement or transfer any rights to use the software, in whole or
in part, without the prior written consent of Synth Softworks LLC. Any attempt by the client
to assign or transfer any such rights without such consent shall be void and of no effect. This
provision shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement.
(4) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the client and Synth Softworks
LLC regarding the client's use of the software, and supersedes all prior agreements,
communications, and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified by the client, except in writing signed by both
parties. The terms of this Agreement shall prevail over any conflicting or additional terms
contained in any other documents or communications, including, but not limited to, any
purchase orders or other transactional documents submitted by the client. If any provision of
this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
such provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement, which shall remain in
full force and effect. This provision shall survive the termination or cancellation of this
Agreement.
(5) In entering into this Agreement, the client has not relied on any statement, representation,
warranty, understanding, undertaking, promise, or assurance other than as expressly set forth in
this Agreement. The client acknowledges that they have not been induced to enter into this
Agreement by any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, undertaking, promise, or
assurance not contained in this Agreement. This provision shall survive the termination or
cancellation of this Agreement.
(6) This Agreement is intended solely for the benefit of the parties to this Agreement, and shall not
be deemed to create any rights or obligations in favor of any third party, except for Synth
Softworks LLC's successors and assigns. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall have no legal effect. This provision shall survive the
termination or cancellation of this Agreement.

III. OWNERSHIP
(1) The client is prohibited from commercially exploiting any account established with the
Software or the website through resale or other means. The client is, however, permitted to
purchase license keys from the official website and resell such keys.
(2) The client is prohibited from engaging in reverse engineering of the Software or inducing or
assisting third parties in engaging in reverse engineering of the Software. Inducing or assisting
in this context may encompass transmitting the software's files to third parties or providing
assistance to a third party in comprehending the internal workings of the software. The client
acknowledges that the Software and its underlying technologies constitute trade secrets
proprietary to Synth Softworks LLC and that any unauthorized revelation or utilization of
such trade secrets may result in irreparable harm to Synth Softworks LLC.
(3) The client is prohibited from using the Software to investigate, examine, or develop processes
that may be injurious to users of the Software. Such harm includes, but is not limited to, (i)
techniques for detecting the use of the Software; (ii) methods for obstructing the use of the
Software; (iii) methods to determine whether a client owns the software.
(4) The client is prohibited from engaging in activities that may cause harm to other users of the
Software. Such activities include, but are not limited to, (i) disseminating "trollware"; (ii)
distributing malware; (iii) distributing scripts whose DRM or whitelist has been removed
without the author's consent; (iv) distributing scripts that have been deceptively marketed; (v)
revealing a user's information without their prior express consent; (vi) intentionally sharing
illegal content with other users with the intention of causing legal difficulties for such users.
(5) The client is prohibited from disclosing a user's ownership of the Software without their express
consent, as this may infringe upon the user's right to privacy.
(6) The client is prohibited from utilizing the Software for any commercial or profit-oriented
purpose that has the potential to disincentivize prospective customers from acquiring the
product, as determined by Synth Softworks LLC.
(7) The client shall not engage in fraudulent activities towards other users or Synth Softworks
LLC. Synth Softworks LLC reserves the right to take any and all legal measures that may be
necessary or appropriate to prevent or rectify any such fraud.
(8) The client shall not employ any tactics or coercion to obtain a refund through means other than
those provided by Synth Softworks LLC. Synapse Softworks LLC reserves the right to take
any and all legal measures that may be necessary or appropriate to prevent or rectify any such attempts by the client.
(9) The client shall not utilize the Software for any illegal, unjust, malicious, or harmful purpose, or
for purposes explicitly prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. If Synth Softworks LLC
becomes aware of such activities, it reserves the right to notify law enforcement and to provide
all relevant personal information of the client to law enforcement for further investigation.
(10) The client shall not utilize the Software in a manner that breaches any legal or contractual
obligations they have towards third-party software, including, but not limited to, end-user
license agreements, Terms of Service, and other licenses. Synth Softworks LLC shall not be
responsible or liable for any damages or losses arising from the client's breach of any such legal
obligations, and the client shall indemnify and hold Synth Softworks LLC harmless from any
such damages or losses.
(11) The client is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their login
credentials and any other account information. The client must promptly notify Synth
Softworks LLC in the event of any compromise of their login credentials.
(12) The client is prohibited from making threats or implying harm towards Synth Softworks
LLC, the users of the software, the software itself, or any individuals officially associated with
Synth Softworks LLC or the software. In the event of any such threats or implications,
Synth Softworks LLC reserves the right to notify law enforcement and to provide all relevant
personal information of the client to law enforcement for further investigation.
(13) The client is prohibited from utilizing the Software for sexually explicit, drug-related, or any
other indecent purposes.

IV. FEEDBACK
(1) Except as expressly provided under this Agreement, Synth Softworks LLC does not grant the
client any license or other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade
secrets, trademarks, or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Synth Softworks
LLC or any related entity, including, but not limited to, any name, trade dress, logo, or
equivalents. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Synth Softworks LLC may assign,
subcontract, or sublicense its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part,
at any time without notice to the client. The client shall not have any right to object to any such
assignment, subcontracting, or sublicensing, and shall remain bound by the terms of this
Agreement in relation to any such third parties.
(2) If the client provides Synth Softworks LLC with any feedback, including, but not limited to,
ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback, and
product improvements ("Feedback"), the client hereby grants to Synth Softworks LLC, without charge, royalty, or other obligation to the client, a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide,
royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, make, have made, create derivative
works of, share, and commercialize the Feedback in any way and for any purpose. The client
agrees that Synapse Softworks LLC shall be free to use, disclose, reproduce, distribute, and
exploit any Feedback, without restriction or attribution, and the client waives any and all moral
rights that the client may have in or to such Feedback.
(3) The client agrees that they will not provide any Feedback that is subject to a license that would
require Synth Softworks LLC to license its software, technologies, or documentation to any
third party as a result of Synth Softworks LLC's use of such Feedback.

PRIVACY POLICY
At Synth Softworks LLC, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This Privacy
Policy applies to our official website, and the Product (collectively referred to as "our services" or
"we"). It explains what information we collect, how we use it, and the choices you have with respect to
your personal information. By using our services, you agree to the collection, use, and sharing of your
personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We collect information in the following ways:
• Information you provide to us directly: We may collect personal information that you
voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, email address, and other contact information.
• Information collected automatically: When you use our services, we may automatically collect
information about your device, such as your IP address, browser type, and operating system, as
well as information about your usage of our services, such as the pages you visit and the actions
you take.
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
• To provide, maintain, and improve our services: We may use the information we collect to
provide, maintain, and improve our services, as well as to develop new features and services.
• To communicate with you: We may use the information we collect to communicate with you
about our services and to respond to your inquiries.
• To protect our rights: We may use the information we collect to protect the security and
integrity of our services and to enforce our policies.
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
• With your consent: We may share your personal information with third parties if you have
given us your consent to do so.
• With service providers: We may share your personal information with service providers who
assist us in providing our services, such as hosting providers and payment processors.
• As required by law: We may disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by
law, such as in response to a subpoena or court order.
• To protect: We may disclose your personal information if doing so can help protect Synth
Softworks LLC, its staff, our users, or the public at large.
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we collect from loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no online service is completely
secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. It is important for you to 
protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your device. Be sure to log out of our
services when you are finished using them, and to use a strong password that is not used for any other
accounts.

E-commerce
Synth Softworks LLC collects personal and financial information from those who engage in
transactions with us, such as purchasing our products or services. This information is collected only as
needed to process the transaction. We do not disclose any personally identifying information unless it is
necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us. You may choose not to provide personally
identifying information, but please be aware that this may prevent you from engaging in certain
activities on our website. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will only use the
information you provide in accordance with this policy.

Consent & Changes
By using our website and products, you consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your
personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about how we
handle your personal data, please contact us at SynthScape0@gmail.com.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy
periodically to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect.
